[All Hosts] (copilot) update copilot quickstart to use ATK (#5582)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/quickstarts/agent-and-add-in-quickstart.md

- **Microsoft 365 Agents Toolkit**. For installation instructions, see [Install Microsoft 365 Agents Toolkit](/microsoftteams/platform/toolkit/install-teams-toolkit?tabs=vscode).

## Create the project

1. In Visual Studio Code, open Microsoft 365 Agents Toolkit. 

    :::image type="content" source="../images/agent-toolkit-start-panel.png" alt-text="Agents Toolkit start panel.":::

1. Select **Create a New Agent/App**.
1. In the **New Project** list, select **Office Add-in**.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/atk-toolkit-new-project-list.png" alt-text="Agents Toolkit new project list.":::

1. On the **Select a capability** list, select **Create Declarative Agent with Office Add-in Action**.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/agent-toolkit-add-in-capability-list.png" alt-text="A drop down list of add-in capabilities including, Task pane, Custom Function and Shortcut, Create Declarative Agent with Office Add-in Action, and Upgrade an Existing Office Add-in":::

1. In the refined capability list that opens, select **New Declarative Agent with Office Add-in Actions**.

>     :::image type="content" source="../images/agent-toolkit-refined-add-in-capability-list.png" alt-text="A drop down list of two choices: New Declarative Agent with Office Add-in Action, and Extend an Existing Office Add-in":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :::image type="content" source="../images/agent-toolkit-refined-add-in-capability-list.png" alt-text="A dropdown list of two choices: New Declarative Agent with Office Add-in Action, and Extend an Existing Office Add-in.":::
```
